MINUTE ORDER: For the reasons stated on the record at the December 20, 2018 telephone hearing, the following is hereby ORDERED: First, Defendants will promptly disclose to Plaintiffs whatever metrics they are using to train and validate their Active Learning application and ensure the application's accuracy. To the extent these metrics change over time, Defendants will supplement their disclosures as the metrics change. Second, once the Active Learning application has been trained and validated, Defendants will perform their privilege review on the responsive documents, and begin rolling production, by prioritizing the documents that the application has deemed the most responsive (or most likely to be responsive), unless the parties reach a different agreement. Third, Defendants will use their best efforts to begin making weekly rolling productions of responsive ESI from the first eighteen custodians as soon as possible, and all responsive ESI from those first eighteen custodians, including documents that could not be submitted to Active Learning for responsiveness review, must be produced to Plaintiffs no later than February 1, 2019. SO ORDERED. Signed by Judge Rudolph Contreras on December 20, 2018. (lcrc2) (Entered: 12/20/2018)

MINUTE ORDER: For the reasons stated on the record at the January 18, 2019 telephone hearing, it is hereby ORDERED that the February 1, 2019 deadline for the production of ESI is tolled with respect to all documents that are not reviewable by the Active Learning application. The parties will meet and confer regarding how Defendants should prioritize review of non-excluded documents that cannot be reviewed using Active Learning, and the parties should be prepared to discuss the issue at the January 25 telephone hearing. It is FURTHER ORDERED that, by January 25, Defendants will produce all age-out forms requested by Plaintiffs. Defendants need not, however, produce the attachments at that time. SO ORDERED. Signed by Judge Rudolph Contreras on January 18, 2019. (lcrc2) (Entered: 01/18/2019)

MINUTE ORDER: For the reasons stated on the record at the January 25, 2019 telephone hearing, it is hereby ORDERED that Defendants shall file a status report by close of business on January 28, 2019 explaining how they plan to meet the February 1 deadline for production of ESI. The status report should also address the following questions: Of the the documents that were deemed responsive by Active Learning but that are now being withheld by Defendants, what percentage is being withheld due to privilege? What percentage is being withheld due to a subsequent layer of responsiveness review beyond Active Learning? And are documents deemed responsive being withheld for any additional reasons(s)? Finally, it is FURTHER ORDERED that, before the next telephone hearing on February 1, 2019, the parties will meet and confer regarding the next group of ESI custodians to be subject to Active Learning review. SO ORDERED. Signed by Judge Rudolph Contreras on January 25, 2019. (lcrc2) (Entered: 01/25/2019)

MINUTE ORDER: For the reasons stated on the record at the February 22, 2019 telephone hearing, it is hereby ORDERED that the deadline for Defendants to begin ESI productions from the next group of document custodians is extended to March 8, 2019. By March 1, at least one lawyer representing each party who is knowledgeable on ESI (e.g., Ms. Davila, Ms. Trout-Perez) shall meet and confer to discuss why Active Learning will need to be trained and validated again with respect to this second batch of ESI (assuming that is the case), and how long such a process will take. The parties should then be prepared to discuss the matter at the March 1 telephone hearing. SO ORDERED. Signed by Judge Rudolph Contreras on February 22, 2019. (lcrc2) (Entered: 02/22/2019)
